# Changelog

All notable changes to the PHN Exchange will be documented in this file.

Partner PHNs are invited to review and test new versions prior to release and publishing on the live site.

Each partner PHN will:

- Be notified when a new major version is available for testing
- Be provided access to the test site
- Have 5 working days to complete their testing and provide feedback
- Be able to send feedback via [support@phnexchange.com.au](mailto:support@phnexchange.com.au)

After the test period has ended, the new version will usually be released and published on the live site within two working days.

## Unreleased

### 4.0.0

- **PHN specific practice resources**

<p>
    The ability for PHNs to define resources to show their own practices, accessed from the GP Hub.
</p>

- **Practice Categorization**

<p>
    The ability for PHNs to define practices in specific categories, for example "Rural and Remote".
</p>

- **PDF Report generation on LGAs and Priority Areas**

<p>
    Autogenerated PDF reports that identify specific indicators defined by a PHN.
</p>

- **PHN Data Report**

<p>
    Graphs for a PHN to review of averaged indicators of practices and the ability to contrast averaged results between practice categories.
</p>

- **Data Report Printing**

<p>
    The ability to print graph reports.
</p>

### 3.0.5

Fixed

- **Fixed spelling in proportion of active patients with IMI Record to IHI Record.**
- **Latest data submission in practice summary showing incorrect months**

## Released

### 3.0.4 - 28/01/2020

Upgraded

- **Backend software - php 7.3 to php 7.4**

### 3.0.3 - 16/01/2020

Fixed

- **Added some Missing fields to immunisation graphs like 'Not Recorded'**
- **Added missing bipolar record on Mental Health graphs**
- **Typos in health conditions**
- **Wording on some graphs from 'completed' to 'recorded by practice'**
- **Error with exclusive licenses**
- **Fixed some pages not automatically getting new updates**

### 3.0.2 - 14/01/2020

Upgraded

- **Emails now sent more quickly**  
  Email system upgraded to send emails in realtime

Fixed

- **Priority Area Export incorrectly listing LGA names**
- **PIP QI Registration Date not being loaded for PIP QI Report**
- **Incorrect Naming of PHN Member Role**
- **Visual Bug related to perpetual license agreements**
- **Colour of buttons in priority areas for saving/updating content**

Known Issues

- **Some pages not updating with new fixeds**  
  Need to press left control + F5 to hard refresh pages, fixed in next version.

### 3.0.1 - 9/01/2020

Added

- **Ongoing license agreement types**

<p>
    The ability to have ongoing or perpetual practice license agreements between PHNs and General Practices.
</p>

- **UI Upgrade to tables**

<p>
    Added refresh button and total items count to table lists.
</p>

Fixed

- **CSV PIP QI report to DOH handle PHN names with spaces**
- **CSV PIP QI report to DOH fixed incorrect name mentioning hour instead of day**

### 3.0.0 - 12/12/2019

- **Home**
<p>
    Resources on the hompage for each PHN now link to the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare dashboard.
</p>

- **GP Hub**
<p>
    A centralized dashboard of all the features a practice will need to access.
</p>

- **Priority Area**
<p>
    In priority areas, the names of local government areas's now link to an ABS Statistics website.
</p>

- **Practice specific licenses**
<p>
    Licenses created by PHNs can now be assigned to only be seen and accepted by specific practices.
</p>

- **GP Data Report**
<p>
    Option for practices to sign required license agreements to access GP Data Report.
    Licenses created by PHNs can be toggled to block the GP Data Report until they have been accepted.
    Time series graphs display as percentages, solid colour represents the PHN percentage while the line represents the Practice percentage.
    Graphs have been reordered showing time series graphs at the top of the GP Data Report while instant time graphs have moved to the bottom.
</p>
    
- **Option for practices to sign required license agreements to access GP Data Report**
<p>
    Licenses created by PHNs can be toggled to block the GP Data Report until they have been accepted.
</p>

- **Practice required to review their details every 3 months**
<p>
    Practices that login and view the GP Hub are now redirected automatically to update their practice details if the practice has not reviewed them within 3 months.
</p>

- **Interface cleanup and organization**
<p>
    Previously users had to click the row on lists to open them, on all tables there will now be an "Edit" or "Continue" button on the far right of each row.
    This change facilitates accessibility requirements and allows for copying of information from rows without being interrupted.
</p>

- **Help Center**
<p>
    The Help Center is a website repository of information about the PHN Exchange and PHN in a Box.
    The Help Center is available through the navigation bar on PHN Exchange.
</p>

- **Security Upgrades**
<p>
    Several internal upgrades to the backend of PHN Exchange to support security.
</p>
